hello world this is C Brown TV live and
die ray and I had two extra guys an
important question you can either live
your life rich and lonely or poor and in
love if God only gave you those two
traces which one will you choose hello
baby I know that we're broke we don't
have one dollar to our name and we can't
even afford an abortion what I love you
alright alright I'm going now okay no
wait no you hang up first no you hang up
first no okay Bob me me me personally I
rather be rich and lonely I know some of
y'all watching this video saying that
okay Charlie use a bitter mother but
guess what I don't kid that's all you
need is all you need is all you need is
love cut the shit money don't solve
everything but when you have it oh yes
it feels great oh yeah out here are
acting like you're in perfect
relationships when you know damn well
that you feel miserable is fun yeah out
here you know not using a condom and
having babies multiplying and shit when
it be more cool if your money would have
sex and make its own baby's mommy and
daddy fucking and then nine minutes
later you have led to it
babies isn't that so cool rich and
lonely if you got money you can always
buy some pussy you can't wake up and get
no hay with you in love oh oh oh so
money can't buy happiness huh okay well
guess what being poor can't buy you